President Trump and Pope Francis are meeting for the first time today,
May 23rd, 2017 at the Vatican.
And as the media tries to guess what they're gonna say to each other behind
closed doors.
The real question that I have is what is hidden in the Vatican secret archives.
I mean,
come on 53 miles of shelf space that is limited access and
you can't just even the researchers that are allowed in and I'll get into the
details of that in just a second. Those that are allowed in are just,
they're not allowed to go browsing.
They're only allowed to see the information that they've requested.
And when you have 53 miles of shell space,
one can only imagine what they really have hidden in there.
So who actually allowed within the Vatican secret archives?
Well qualified scholars from institutions of higher education,
pursuing scientific research with an adequate knowledge of archival
research, uh, which I mean, that's ridiculous who in the world, you know,
has fricking experience in archival research anymore.
That's silly may apply.
I for an entry card scholars need an introductory letter by either a recognized
Institute of research or by a suitably qualified person in the field of
historical research,
applicants need to specify their personal name and information,
as well as the purpose of their research.
Undergraduate students are not admitted.
There are strict limitations to what archive users are able to view and access.
For example, no materials dated after 1939 are available for public viewing,
which is interesting by the way,
cuz that's the precise year that world war II started,
which I'll mention later in the video.
Now there are 53 miles or 85 kilometers of shelf space in the library
and you must have a specific request to pursue that specific subject.
There is no browsing permitted whatsoever.
Instead researchers request specific documents using bulky catalogs,
which are usually handwritten in Italian or Latin.
And they can only request up to three folders each day.
If within just a few minutes,
they realize that the information that they're seeking is not in the requested
folders. They're first to pack up for the day,
which is incredibly inconvenient and challenging for researchers and scholars,
because most of them are traveling incredibly long distances just to visit the
Vatican secret archives. No photographs are permitted whatsoever.
However laptops are okay. As long as they're only utilized for note taking.
So just to clarify, there's no browsing whatsoever.
So you're only allowed to research what you know already exists.
So anything else in there that well may not be known to the public is not
accessible whatsoever. I mean, come on. Is that shady or what?
And the fact that you can only request three folders per day with even if in a
couple minutes you realize like, oh I have the wrong folder.
I need the next one over, oh, sorry.
You have to leave for the day and request a new one. That's stupid. And,
and tell me that's not indicative of hiding something of something shady.
I mean, think about that. What are they hiding in there?
We're talking 53 miles of shelf space. Like if I said five miles of shelf space,
you'd be like, oh wow, that's a lot 53 miles.
And you can only request what you know, exists. Give me a break.
Now there's tons of speculation of what they're hiding in there.
Whether it's information about tying the Vatican to Nazi Germany,
cuz there was some shady stuff there, by the way, I mean, come on,
you can't visit or view anything in the archives after 1939, the precise year,
the world war II starts.
And there's already tons of evidence that ties various funding as well as the
Vatican. You know, I'll just leave it at that. I have a lot of questions.
All I know is I don't have all the answers,
but many speculate that there might be some answers related to world war II
within the archive.
There's also a ton of speculation as to what happened to the 14 missing chapters
within the Bible. Apparently. I mean, if you're not aware the Vatican,
the Roman Catholic church absolutely altered the Bible. So did the king Ja,
so did king James, the king James version is altered.
And so the question becomes well, what's original.
What isn't and well does Jesus, as an example, did he,
was he able to write because many theorized that he was able to,
that he was not able to lead the masses in such a way without being educated.
I mean, many people have theorized on this. It's a,
it's a big controversy obviously,
but clearly there's something within the archives.
Now other people have stated that it might involve aliens,
that it might things with, you know, corruption and pornography,
even there's all kinds of speculations. I don't know what's in there.
All I know is that they're hiding something and it's beyond obvious.
Why would they go to such incredible and difficult lengths for people to
research this stuff and make anything that's unknown while unknowable,
think about that guys, a religion with secret, isn't a religion.
It's a control mechanism. I mean, let me give you an example.
I used to go to Sunday school for years and I went to church every Sunday with
my family growing up.
How many Catholics have ever heard of the Peniel gland or the pine cone statue
within the Vatican?
I was never taught of this in Sunday school or ever heard about it in church,
not once ever need. Does anyone else? I know that's Catholic yet.
The Peno gland,
which is the shape of a pine cone is utilized through ancient cultures around
the world, dating back thousands of years,
whether it's the Egyptians with the eye of hos or even the Sumerians or even
Buddhi statues containing the, the pine cone.
And this goes back to even other places as well as you can see here. I mean,
besides the fact that the Vatican has an 11 foot solid bronze statue,
that is 2000 years old, which is pretty unexplainable,
they say it used to be a fountain and it's really mysterious yet.
The Pope in many popes have carried around to staff that has a pine cone on it.
I mean, when you have the Egyptians making a big deal about this,
as well as the Sumerians and by the way,
the Sumerians are allegedly the birthplace of civilization.
I mean most of mathematics dates back to the Sumerians are modern calendar as
well as the first documented language ever written, uh,
dates back to the Sumerians as well.
And somehow the Sumerians knew thousands of years before the first telescope
about detailed information about the planets overriding our son,
such as that the Jupiter was bigger than Saturn and Mars,
smaller than earth and so on. And so on.
They somehow had this information and the Sumerians just so happened to make a
very big deal of the Peno gland. You know, that reminds me,
why did the Vatican establish a telescope? That's right.
The Vatican has their own telescope.
It's located in on the other side of the world in Arizona on mountain Graham.
You can look into this, it's called the Vatican advanced technology telescope.
And although I've tried extensively to figure out what made them wanna build
this in the first place, I can never get a straight answer it to be honest,
it's kind of mysterious. I would like to hear firsthand from the Pope,
why they have is freaking telescope. Now,
as you see this picture here of the Pope, you see the OS in the background,
this is of course located at the Vatican. And as you're aware OSS,
you can find them in ancient Egypt. And it just so happens. I mean,
look at the inscription here, the Egyptians etched in stone, the seeing eye,
the eye of horse,
the same thing that's based off the pan gland and the pine cone at you.
And we also see OS of course in Washington, DC,
as well as in New York Paris London.
And don't forget of the symbolism here. I mean, look at the, as above.
So below symbolism when it comes to the Washington monument water feature or
even the pyramid, as well as the eye on the back of the $1 bill. I mean,
is this all just a coincidence? I mean,
when you have numerous cultures leading back thousands of years,
discussing in depth about the intuitive abilities of P of people that stem from
the Peno gland, which is the shape of a pine cone,
it's time for people to start asking new questions and start challenging the
Vatican to open up the Vatican archives.
It is literally a crime against humanity to have a religious faith
withholding information and, and,
and some sort and documentation dating back thousands of years that of course is
applicable to ancient human civilization.
And these connections that you've seen in this presentation clearly show well
that the powers that be clearly know something that the masses do not anyways
got, is I gonna close up there? I can subscribe, leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
I know this is a touchy subject because it's religion,
but ultimately only the truth will set us free. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. Take care, everybody.